This code follows this tutorial:
https://github.com/mjhea0/flaskr-tdd

The test I created can be found here:
https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group19-webcrafters/blob/eventposting/testing/betula_test.py

What are the pros and cons of TDD?
Test Driven Development is an approach to software development where automated tests are written before actual code implementation. The main appeal of this approach is that it can lead to design improvement. Using a Test Driven Development approach ensures a modular and more maintainable code base; developers often focus on interfaces which leads to better-designed software. Additionally, developing tests as code is implemented leads to a higher test coverage which can also lead to faster debugging. The frequent test implementation can lead to better documentation as all intended functionality is described through the test cases. Finally, the Test Driven Development approach can encourage confidence when refactoring. Developers can easily refactor code as they have a plethora of tests to run to ensure the refactored code maintains its intended functionality. Even though the method has many benefits, it also has its drawbacks. This method can lead to over-testing as some tests may unintentionally test the same functionality, which can be time-consuming. Furthermore, TDD approaches can lead to time-consuming maintenance, especially as codebases become larger. Finally, Test Driven Development is not always ideal, especially when developing codebases with unclear or rapidly changing requirements. Test Driven Development can be useful depending on the project requirements and intended outcome.
